Document fields of Partial Guild (#5050)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/RPC.md

Used to get a list of guilds the client is in.

> info

> > This only contains the `id`, `name` and `icon_url` for the [Guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The response only contains the `id`, `name` and `icon_url` properties for each [Guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object)
```

Author: That's a great point you've made, thanks 😄

> > This only contains the `id`, `name` and `icon_url` for the [Guild]](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This only contains the `id`, `name` and `icon_url` for the [Guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object)
```
added one more `]`

Author: Thanks for that :D

> > The response only contains the `id`, `name` and `icon_url` properties for each [Guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object)

Reviewer 3: Is this not implied by the [Get Guild Response Structure](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/5050/files#diff-51a620c0b55efe72f5232e547f415fc43247ede707ff3c13f8db4112075c42a7R309)?

If these are talking about the same thing, it may make sense to link to that object rather than `#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object` in the relevant places instead of adding a higher-level callout

Reviewer 4: this is rpc so it's separate

(also I think that link is wrong)

Reviewer 3: uhh it was just supposed to link to the code for https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/rpc#getguild-get-guild-response-structure, which is still RPC

Reviewer 4: oh, yeah it should prob just link to that section then

Author: I think that we should have a table for the response instead of just an example, just like the API.
